you have to excuse the noise in the
background my wife is currently mowing
but I I painted this with the plastidip
I don't know if you can Carol I kind of
messed up the edges but it actually
comes off rather easy all you have to do
is rub it back and that kind of rolls up
and then just kind of find a good edge
to start on get a good piece going here
and it'll actually just pull right off
I'm surprised I know there's quite a few
people that uh I wanted to know about
this class to dip on how easy it would
be to remove that's actually
surprisingly rather easy to remove but
uh this has been on here for a couple of
days and it's it's been in the Sun it's
been caked on everything and it actually
comes off rather easy and it just pulls
right off
no problem whatsoever it's not marring
up the pain it's kind of hard to tell
him the lighting for them in their
shadow right now but it's not marring up
the pain or nothing we can sexually just
roll it and then
once you get a piece going do it right
back
surprisingly rather simple
but I just wanted to show that to
wherever out there it's plastidip
whoever had curiosity if they come off
or not without touching the pain or
anything comes out rather easy so like
mend so if I can't look soon two things
at one time
fine if you have any questions about it
let's just try it I'm gonna repaint this
actually cuz i I used the wrong tape
when I did it but uh yeah I recommend
doing it
all right peel back from here there
but no problem whatsoever